brain storm and plan project outcome and structure

init npm and install express
create the project structure

basic formats for the homepage and post partial (ejs files)
set up server (index.js)
connect css to ejs files (set the directory of static files)
render ejs files in the server (can use app.set to change the default views folder)
add partial post to the ejs file (<%-include%>)
iterate all the posts and pass them as parameters to add multiple post partials

To access the index of the post in the home.ejs file: when we iterate the posts array sent by the res.render, we pass the index i
in post.ejs

problem in delete post: I tried to bind delete button to event listener (adding a js script to ejs file)
The callback function sends a post request to /delete route with the index of the post. 
But when I click the delete button, the page got stuck. Unless I refresh, I can't see the post deleted. When I tried to
send delete request to / route, something went wrong and I can't redirect in app.delete.

solve: I used the simple way, make the delete button a form and post to the /delete when it is clicked (send the index of 
its corresponding post).

problem in setting value of a button to a variable passed by res.render:
when I send a variable with 2 words, value is set to only the first words

solve: I put value = "<%= var %>" (surrounded by quotation marks)

update logic: the update btn will open edit textbox if it is closed and will close it when it is open.
In the edit mode, the textbox has a submit button which will close the textbox and update the post content.
(design the expected logic and then code it)

Image upload:
file reader converts image into 64base data string. By passing the data string as src for the image,
we can display the image.
Difficulty:
The usual btn input only sends the file path of the image not the data string. Only the hidden input sends
the whole data string.
There is also a limit to the data sent from browser to server.
need to pass in an argument in bodyParser.urlencoded({limit: '50mb'})

problem: ejs partial fall out of parent container:
solve, in the post.ejs, there was a misplaced </div> closing tag

TODO
polish css


layout the page to left and right side, align things on each half
structure post creation div
structure each post
custom buttons
upload blog icon
resize textbox
adjust font and font-fam for each part


design idea:
purple: Worth, royalty.
fig is purple.
Select analogous colors for the buttons on the color wheel. Also blue is a 
typical color for buttons.
I choose a darker background (and greater opacity) on the post creation half because it has less 
content. A darker color makes it feel more filled.
I made a Serif font for all post titles to make them look more 'country style?'